---
layout: page
title: "About me"
hidetitle: true
comments: false
sharing: false
footer: true
---
Hi! I’m Julia.

I work as a programmer in Montréal, Canada! If you want to learn about
what kinds of programming things I like, you should take a look at my
[blog](http://jvns.ca/blog/archives/) or
[projects](http://jvns.ca/projects/). I've spent most of my time
writing Python, but I do a bunch of other things.

I spent the fall of 2013 at [Hacker School](http://hackerschool.com).
Hacker School is amazing and I have nothing but good things to say
about it.

In the last year I've gotten really into organizing community events
and giving [talks](http://jvns.ca/talks) about programming. I
co-founded
[Montreal All-Girl Hack Night](http://mtlallgirlhacknight.ca) with my
awesome friend [Monica](http://notwaldorf.github.io), as well as
[PyLadies Montreal](http://www.meetup.com/pyladiesmtl/).

I love helping people get started with programming, telling people how
awesome they are, and harassing people into giving conference talks
and showing off the amazing work that they do. I'm constantly amazed
by how many fantastic people I meet who just need a bit of support do
to incredible things.

On where I come from -- I studied pure math and theoretical computer
science in university, and my
[master's thesis](https://github.com/jvns/masters-thesis) was on
topological quantum computing. I really love math and I'd really like
to learn Galois theory again, but after university I decided to get a
developer job. It turns out that programming is really fun!

If you're interested in talking to me, get in touch! I'm julia {at}
this domain.
